docs: Add OLLAMA_ORIGINS for browser extension support (#9643)
ollama/ollama: docs/faq.md

    ```ini
    [Service]
    Environment="OLLAMA_HOST=0.0.0.0:11434"

>     Environment="OLLAMA_ORIGINS=chrome-extension://*,moz-extension://*,safari-web-extension://*"

Reviewer: Let's leave this out of this section, since its just general instructions on how to set environment variables on Linux

Author: No problem. I would set this configuration every time, but I understand. I've removed it.

Ollama allows cross-origin requests from `127.0.0.1` and `0.0.0.0` by default. Additional origins can be configured with `OLLAMA_ORIGINS`.

> For browser extensions, you'll need to explicitly allow the extension's origin pattern. Set `OLLAMA_ORIGINS` to include `chrome-extension://*`, `moz-extension://*`, or other extension protocols as needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For browser extensions, you'll need to explicitly allow the extension's origin pattern. Set `OLLAMA_ORIGINS` to include `chrome-extension://*`, `moz-extension://*` if you wish to allow all browser extensions access, or specific extensions as needed:
```

Just want to note that this is pretty open so people understand.
